Let him go!
(male #1)
'He didn't do anything.'
Look, they are coming
down the stairs.
Let him go!
He didn't do anything!
What you got, huh?
We want real justice!
Did you know there'd
be all these cameras?
It's a big case.
Oh, God, Greg.
You could be governor.
You should have a better wife.
Anna..
...be strong.
Greg. They want a statement.
'Sir, you were gonna make
a statement please.'
Good afternoon,
I'm ADA Harold Mott.
Allow me to introduce
Greg Vizcaino.
He's the lead prosecutor
on the Stacy Hall case.
Two days ago Stacy Hall
a young Yale graduate,
was on a morning jog
when her life
was violently cut short.
We grieve with her parents.
The man you just saw led away
is Antonio Mendez
who we will prove is
responsible
for this shocking crime.
Now, Mr. Mott and I
will take any questions.
That was six hours
well spent, I'll tell you
that.
(Lilly)
'Ah, the training seminar.'
Yeah, this guy has never
been on the line.
Never worked a homicide.
But he's an expert.
(Nick)
'His answer for everything..'
...auto-erotic asphyxiation.
- You guys get dinner?
- There's pizza in the
fridge.
Every job that ever
happened in Philly,
was auto-erotic asphyxiation.
Thanks for coming,
Mrs. Vizcaino.
Greg wasn't perfect.
But he was no thief.
I hear you.
Hi.
- Hey, Gil.
- Rush. Gents.
Who's, uh,
who's the
visitor?
In from Connecticut.
Husband was killed in 2000.
- The job never came in.
- Good-lookin' widow.
Guy was from Connecticut
but died in Philly?
Yeah, the case was a bag
of bones from the start.
Actually, Valens, you might
want to take a look at it.
Yeah? Why me?
The guy was Puerto Rican.
Greg Vizcaino.
What was his story?
Up and coming DA in New Haven.
Turns up 150 miles away
in North Philly,
stabbed to death.
He prosecuting somebody
put a hit out on him?
Ah, I looked into that
and all the other thugs
he put away.
The widow bring you
something new?
Harold Mott.
'He partnered
with Vizcaino on a murder
case'
'at the time he died.'
And?
And now Mott's in a runoff
for state treasurer.
- He's knocking the dead guy.
- How?
Last week, a
reporter
lookin' for dirt
found that 10K went missing
from the DA's office,
back in 2000.
So this Mott
get accused of takin'
it?
Now, he points to Vizcaino.
That's handy.
He can't defend himself.
But the widow says
no way did he take it.
But if he did, it could
be connected to his murder.
So New Haven's the beginning,
North Philly's the end.
What's the middle?
Auto-erotic asphyxiation.
Greg Vizcaino.
35, grew up in
the New Haven
barrio.
Went to Cornell,
then Yale Law
School.
Success story.
So what's he
doing
in North Philly?
(John)
'No family or work connect.'
He was supposed to be
in court the next day
on this murder trial, but for
some reason he drives 150 miles
to Philly, the night before.
(John)
'Maybe the answer's tied
to the missin' money.'
So why do we believe he took it?
Just 'cause
some politician said so?
We don't believe it yet,
Scotty.
We're gonna check it out.
Maybe I'll look at this job.
Sinclair Thomas.
You got any direction?
I just like his name.
If Vizcaino did need money, why?
Gambling debt, blackmail?
'It's gotta be
something personal.'
Lill, you don't
stab someone 12 times
just to rob them, then leave
the car and money behind.
Hey, this Harold
Mott,
the guy who said
Vizcaino swiped the cash,
took over as lead
prosecutor
after Greg died, won the case,
made him a household name
in New Haven.
Now he's on the political track.
It could have been
Vizcaino's future
if someone hadn't shanked him.
Well, maybe there's your motive.
Let's start with Mott,
and see why he's saying
Vizcaino stole the money.
A road trip to New Haven?
Job's gonna spring
for Howard Johnson's?
Sure, but the boys
gotta bunk together.
Junior guy gets the cot.
No way.
That's a known fact.
We called him Golden Greg.
Good looking, smart as a whip.
A plus guy.
Yet you told
the New Haven register
that this great guy
stole that money.
Look, I hate to
tarnish his name
but when it
was suggested I took it
I was pushed to the wall.
Well, why would Greg do that,
take the 10 grand?
I wouldn't speculate about that.
Best guess.
Greg wasn't himself
at the end.
How's that?
The Hall case
was the big leagues.
Got a White jogger raped
and killed by a Latino kid.
It was a slam dunk
'till the kid
recanted his confession'
and then, it got tough.
And Greg couldn't take it?
It was his first time
as lead prosecutor
and he-he started out great
but he lost focus.
Yeah? How?
At work he was all over the map
pulling vice reports,
making weird phone calls.
He-he just seemed distracted by
something other than the case.
You ask him about it?
No, he was first chair.
I wasn't supposed
to question him.
He ever mention Philadelphia?
No. But he would disappear
for hours at a time.
Maybe he went there.
So in the middle
of your case, he'd go AWOL
'and you had no idea where to?'
I know where he went one time.
If this gets out, it-it's
a Pandora's box though.
It won't get out.
The day before he disappeared
Greg did something that any law
student would tell you
is incredibly unethical.
I just heard from the
prison ward at county.
Yeah.
They said you
visited
Antonio last night.
I said that had to be wrong.
Harold, I know what I'm doing.
You visited the defendant
without his lawyer
present?
You know what this could
do
to our case, right?
You know you could be disbarred.
It's under control. It's fine.
Fine? Greg, what is goin' on?
- Nothing.
- Where you going?
I got to be someplace.
We're in the middle of a trial!
And I'm first chair, telling
you, I gotta be someplace.
I know what I'm doing.
I don't care what Greg said.
He was drowning.
And the next day, he was dead.
Antonio was the guy
you were prosecuting?
Serving a life sentence now.
Real tough luck kid.
Tried suicide in jail
before the trial.
So you never told anyone
about Greg's visit?
No. It would have led
to a mistrial.
And you wouldn't
make the front page.
Oh.. Antonio confessed
to rape and murder.
But recanted.
Public defender gets involved,
it's always the strategy.
Bottom line, I wasn't gonna
let that kid walk
because Greg was crackin' up.
What do you think
happened to Greg?
He was a striver,
and on his way but..
...he wasn't ready for the job
and being proud, he wouldn't ask
for help, so he self-destructed.
Whole thing
was an American tragedy.
Detectives Jeffries
and Vera, Antonio.
Philly cops, huh?
I don't like talkin' to police.
We gotta ask you about
Greg Vizcaino.
The lawyer that died
in the middle of your trial.
Wasn't me. I was locked up.
'Well, we know he came
to see you before he died.'
You tell anybody about that?
What for?
He give you money to stay quiet?
Try and pay you to plead guilty?
I am guilty. Haven't you heard?
What did Greg want
with you that
night?
Make sure the case
was gonna go his way.
I tried to hang myself.
He thought I wouldn't
make it to trial.
Blow his chance to be a hero.
That what he told you?
"You got to stay alive, Antonio.
"My ass is on the line here."
Except he's the one
who don't make it.
Didn't make a difference.
Cops had me on video
sayin' I did it.
Got sent here for life.
Antonio went
in 10
minutes.
I'm almost embarrassed
to show you how easy it was.
Almost feel sorry
for him, don't you?
We got a saying here,
"If they weren't dumb
"we wouldn't catch 'em."
Applies in Philadelphia too.
Here goes.
I seen her running in the park.
(male #2)
'Did you chase her?'
No. Just waited for her to pass.
Then what did you do?
Jumped her.
He took it all back
once he got a lawyer.
- You testify at trial?
- Sure.
I was the lead detective.
Hey, guys.
This is Sergeant Sal
Martin.
'He worked the Stacy Hall job.'
- Hi.
- Welcome to New Haven.
'Lilly Rush, Scotty Valens.'
Hey.
Boricua.
Por parte de mi madre.
Mi padre, qua.
According to Harold Mott
'Greg was unraveling
the last few weeks of his
life.'
Yeah, how'd he seem to you?
Alright.
You don't say that
like you mean it.
Well, stressed maybe.
Bright young star
of the DA's office.
People talkin'
about
your political
future.
- It's a lot of pressure.
- Right.
Any reason he'd need 10K?
We could all use 10K.
But Greg in particular?
He was a good kid..
...but even good kids
growing up in bad neighborhoods
pick up bad habits.
What kind of bad habits?
Crap.
Greg was a good guy.
That's what Harold Mott said.
Everyone has a dark side.
Greg's was...pretty dark.
(Sal)
'Hey.'
That's the last
I wanna see you.
Get out of here.
Way behind on payments, Greg.
I know, I know.
This is all I have right now.
When's the next
installment coming?
This guy bothering you,
counselor?
No, detective. It's alright.
I-I was just..
Walkin' the murder scene again?
Stacy Hall was killed
at the park down the street.
You were just checking out
the area for yourself. Right?
Right.
Just walkin' the scene.
Don't make it so obvious, Greg.
I seen him a lot with this
dealer, a guy named Kiki.
It was known on the street
that he had a habit.
Kind of an open secret?
Look, I don't want to speak
ill of the dead
but a coke habit,
takes a lot of cash.
So despite what the widow says
maybe Greg was a thief.
And an addict.
Yeah. Maybe.
So Golden Greg
is losing it at work
blowin' his murder case
and feedin' a coke habit.
Which still doesn't tell us
how he winds up in Philly.
I just hope I don't come down
with a cold sleepin'
in Siberia all night.
Man, you need the windows
open for fresh air.
So you told me.
You guys work out
the cot problem?
'Yeah, we drew straws.'
Vera lost.
And leaves all miffed,
doesn't come back.
You worried?
Ah, he went out to check out
the hot spots of New Haven
with Martin.
All I want to know is,
uh, who's Lina?
Hey.
"Listen now, Lina.
"Just sing it one more time."
- Stop that.
- You talk in your sleep,
man.
- Mmm.
- Ah, look who's here.
Rough night, Vera?
This city blows. Nothin' to do.
Can I get some coffee over here?
Did Martin tell you
where to find that
dealer?
Uh, Eden Park.
Look for some crazy guy
with dreadlocks.
Ready?
Drop me off at New Haven PD?
I'll catch up.
He's payin'.
Smell that, smell that.
Kiki Solano?
Uh-oh, clear the street.
New Haven's finest
on the beat.
What's up, Five-O?
Five-bro?
Yeah. Detectives Jeffries
and Valens from Philly.
We're here about Greg Vizcaino.
DA who got
killed
four years ago.
You ain't gotta tell me
who Greg V is.
Went to grade school together.
The day he died, whoo,
hysteria in the area.
'Whole barrio dressed in black.'
We know you were selling
him blow before he died.
This all I sell.
Strictly botanical,
always organic.
Well, we ain't narcs.
We know Greg owed you money.
You kill him over that?
Greg was my brother.
'Hermanos.'
I wasn't worried
about his debts.
I was worried about his soul.
Yeah? Why?
They loved him at the DA's.
'Cause he was light,
bright, and damn near
white.
I tried to get him to see
that they was just usin' him.
'Why you got to parade that
kid in front of the cameras,
G?'
'To show he's Puerto Rican?'
I'll parade any
murderer
in the street.
And put that lady's
rich White parents on display?
It's facts, Kiki.
She's White, he's
not.
That kid didn't do it.
Then why'd he confess?
And why'd he recant?
He's from the barrio like us.
Got to listen to the word.
What word is that?
The streets have eyes,
and they tell no lies.
The streets know
something about this murder.
Am I supposed to call
the streets as witnesses?
I got a deal for you, G.
Check out what
the streets got to say..
...and I won't sell
to her no more.
(Valens)
'Who would you stop sellin'
to?'
Anna.
Greg's wife.
She hooked on the incense?
You said you
wasn't narcotics, playa.
So his wife was the one
with the coke problem?
Gone on the wagon.
Rode it hard but..
...the wheels come off
every now and then
when things got bumpy.
Greg take you up on the deal?
I held up my end.
Don't know about G.
What was the word
from the streets?
That kid didn't kill the lady.
It was the Kennedy brothers.
Like John and Bobby, you mean?
That's one good tip, Kiki.
Thanks.
It was a leftover thing
from college.
Used it to get me through
stressful times.
Way your dealer tells it,
sounds more like a meal
than a leftover.
Yeah, I was out of control.
I admit that.
So you're in debt to Kiki.
Greg needed money to pay
it.
My husband would never steal.
That missing money had nothing
to do with him.
Got to look at the facts, Anna.
I told Gil Sherman.
He was no thief.
Sometimes when you love someone
you only see them
like you want to.
But I changed my views
over the last four years.
I was so ashamed then.
Of what?
(man on TV)
'...completed its recount
as Vice President Gore'
'has only picked up 54 votes
on Governor Bush.'
Did you get my message?
I was working.
I don't believe you.
You're doin' that crap, Anna, in
the house, with the girls here.
- Where do you go?
- I'm working.
Who calls here and hangs up
every time I say, hello?
Do you hear how paranoid
you sound?
I brought the car
in for service and they asked
why there was so much
mileage built up on it.
Where do you go?
I cannot talk to you
when you are wired.
Tell me!
Kiss me.
You won't do it, will you?
Not when you're like this.
How are you gonna be governor
with your secrets?
What do you think he was hiding?
I know what he was hiding.
I'm not proud of it
but I looked through
his briefcase once
and found some newspaper ads.
For escorts.
Call girls?
Boys.
He had some names circled.
His favorite seemed
to be one named Ramone.
You confront him?
Nah, I was too shocked.
Ashamed.
But if people find out now,
so be it.
If my husband was gay..
...well, that isn't a crime.
Yeah, but stealin' is.
That's why
I want his name cleared.
Do you remember what
newspapers
they were, Anna?
They were those free rags
you find on the street.
"Action," "Gay Times,"
"City Paper."
You sure about that?
"The City Paper?"
- Hmm.
- That's from Philadelphia.
Hmm.
Maybe we finally got
our Philly connect.
So he wasn't a coke head?
That was his wife.
He was busy prowlin' for boys.
But why in Philly?
Too much to loose
if he's found out in New
Haven.
Hartford's closer, Scotty,
New York.
Well, maybe he started there
and something or someone
brought him here.
Maybe Ramone.
Remember Harold Mott said
Greg was looking at vice
reports
instead of workin'.
Yeah?
Maybe with all this stress
he went lookin' for comfort.
Arrest reports could tell him
where to find it by name.
Easy targets too.
More willing to play
if they've been arrested
before.
(John)
'Go see Harold Mott again.'
Get some details on the reports.
Don't count on him
being too helpful.
No? Why?
'I've been followin'
that missin' money.'
Only Greg and Harold had access.
Yeah?
Guess who lost a bundle
on tech stocks in early 2000?
Harold.
And he was in hot water until
suddenly nine grand appears
in his wife's stock account
a week after the
10K goes missin'.
You send it to New Haven PD?
So don't be surprised
if Harold pulls the welcome
mat.
I knew if I timed it
just right..
You can't stay
away from the place?
I'm dropping gloves off
for Lill.
The temperature went down
20 degrees over the day.
Yeah, well,
she's still up there.
I'm just gonna
leave
them at the desk.
She doesn't like to see me here.
Too friendly.
Well, there are worse things.
You know, you dress way
better
than the average cop.
That ain't sayin' a lot.
No, I guess not.
Your girlfriend pick
out
your clothes?
No, I don't have a girlfriend.
I mean, I used to but
she's in the hospital right
now.
- Sorry.
- She's okay.
- She's getting out.
- That's good.
Uh, even though, we're not
really together anymore..
I work at McGinty's
Tavern,
if you ever want a free
beer.
Yeah, okay.
See ya.
Oh, great.
- What do you want?
- Bad day?
The cops and press
are all over me
because of you sticking
your nose in this.
That's the price of being
a public figure, Harold.
We need to know more
about Greg Vizcaino.
I told you what I know.
He cracked.
The price of being put in
the game before you're ready.
Hmm. But you were ready.
I tried to help him.
But you can't expect
the water boy
to play quarterback.
The vice
reports
he was pulling
any reason to think he was
using
them for personal reasons?
What the hell. Yeah.
Golden Greg, liked his boys
young and cheap.
Go on.
Ramon..
Ramon, from Juniper Street.
Another Puerto Rican packer?
- Screw you.
- No, screw you.
We've got the trial
of the year to prep for
and you're
chasing
male hookers.
Yeah, that's exactly
what I'm doing
'cause I'm a promiscuous Latin.
And a lightweight token.
You barely made it through
Acme Law School.
You calling me a lightweight?
Spare me the
barrio
superiority.
So you grew up
poor and
hungry.
Boo freakin' hoo.
It doesn't entitle
you to my job.
No, my being smarter than
you entitles me to my job.
- You're delusional.
- And you're a cracker
flunky.
Pfft.
He was a disgrace
to his heritage.
Well, you'd know
all about that, huh?
You wanted the truth.
While I was busting my
ass
on the Hall trial
he was in here using vice
reports to chase boyfriends.
(Lilly)
'And who's Ramon?'
A name he got off a report.
Probably some barrio trick.
Is there a Juniper Street
in New Haven?
Not that I know of.
We done here?
Yeah. We're done.
You know a
hustler
named Ramon
Puerto Rican,
probably in his
20s?
What do I look like, 411?
Came from Connecticut.
Showed up about
four years ago.
Four years ago
I'm in high school.
So that's a no?
Try the boy trade theater
on 13th Street.
Will do.
Any luck?
Squat.
We covered all of
Juniper Street.
I wish we had
a sketch on this guy.
We're chasing a ghost.
Ah, let's try the theater.
You ever notice
how we're the ones
always chasing the Marys.
You know a trick named Ramon?
Pretty boy wearing the cap.
- Ramon?
- Nah.
You're not Ramon
formally of New Haven?
Look, I didn't do nothing.
I was just talking to that
guy.
We want to know
about Greg Vizcaino.
- I don't know no Greg.
- He was a DA in New Haven.
- You two hung out.
- He was your boyfriend.
Maybe you had a lover's
quarrel
and you killed him.
Whoa, I didn't kill nobody.
He had it bad for you.
He even left his wife and
kids.
Chased you down here
from New Haven.
Wouldn't take
no for an answer.
(John)
'Killed him to
get rid of him?'
Look, that's all crazy.
I never knew him in New Haven.
Then why did he come down here
looking for you?
Come on, boyfriend,
why was he looking for you?
Because of what I saw.
You want a date?
No. I want to talk.
You paying for it,
you can have anything.
'I want to hear
about that lady'
in the park
back
in New Haven.
- I don't know nothing.
- Ramon, you do.
You saw.
How do you know my name?
You ain't gay, are you?
No.
So you never had your ass
kicked by bastards.
No.
You think you're just
gonna die in the street
and no one's gonna care?
I don't need them brothers
mad at me.
What brothers?
Look, just forget it.
I didn't see nothing
low at all.
And I ain't going back
to Connecticut.
'There's a kid sitting
in prison'
for killing that woman.
He just tried to hang
himself.
He's 17.
'If you saw someone
else hurt her'
you got to say so
right now, Ramon.
Two White guys.
It was dark,
how could you tell?
Everybody knows them.
They come to the park
to buy drugs.
So who are these White guys?
College kids.
Like to beat up on
innos like me.
And all the queens knew
to watch out for the Kennedys.
- Kennedys?
- Two brothers, I think.
They used to drive
an old green Volvo.
Told the cops what you saw?
I told Martin.
Some Puerto Rican cop
on the case.
Yeah, we know Martin.
You told him you saw
the Kennedys attack the woman?
But he said no,
that I didn't see nothing
and that I better
get out of New Haven.
So, Martin's the reason
you booked it to Philly?
He told me if he ever
saw me back there
that it would be
the last time.
So Martin was a dirty cop.
Why else would he ignore
the tip from Ramon?
I didn't believe him.
The kid's a hustler.
Or because he already got
his confession from Antonio
didn't want to mess
with a solid case.
Let's go a step further.
- We think Martin killed
Greg?
- Phew.
If he knew Greg found Ramon,
it gives him a motive.
(John)
Alright, go back to Antonio.
See how Martin got
the confession from him.
Boss, we saw the tape.
Just see where
it takes us, Nick.
Try to place Martin
in Philly that night?
The second time we've heard
about these Kennedy brothers.
Now, who can help us find them?
Don't seem so
crazy now, does
it?
We looked in enrollment
for every college in New
Haven.
There were no Kennedy brothers
listed in 2000.
Forget literal.
Think
subliminal.
That ain't their real names.
Just what we called
them sports around here.
Didn't think about
telling
New Haven PD about them?
Player, please.
They gonna believe
the dreadlock guy
or the college boys?
Plus, talking to cops
is bad for business.
Well, Greg believed you, Kiki.
And he found the witness
who saw them attack the jogger.
- For real?
- Yeah.
- Local hustler.
- That why G was in Philly?
He died trying to
prove
Antonio was innocent.
Guess we both
kept our promise.
We gotta find
those
brothers.
Can you help me?
They come around
sometimes on Thursdays..
...getting ready
for the weekend.
[buzzing]
'Where are the other guys at?'
Back in Philly.
We need you to tell us
about Detective Martin.
- Nothing to tell.
- We know he's dirty.
Antonio, he can't hurt you now.
No matter what
he threatened you with.
Why am I gonna believe you?
Who else you got?
- We'll protect you.
- Don't need no protection
now.
But my moms.
No one's touching your moms.
Where you at four years ago?
We're here now.
So how did
Martin find
you?
I walked by the dead lady
when the cops got there.
Martin seen me.
Asked me what I knew.
- What'd you tell him?
- The truth.
I didn't see nothing.
My mama sent me to buy eggs.
And then?
He let me go.
But later...he
comes
to my house.
Tells my mom he got to
take me down to the
station.
Did he?
Took me to an old building.
This was a meat-packing
plant when I was a kid.
We going to the station?
My buddies and I used to
play
baseball right out there.
It's cold in here.
What happened
in the park, Antonio?
I was going to the store.
Yeah, yeah.
Going to the store
to buy eggs.
'At 6:00 in the morning?'
- Come on.
- My mama sent me.
Your sneaker tracks were all
over the crime scene, Antonio.
I play ball in the park
sometimes.
What happened when you saw
that lady running?
- I didn't see her.
- Sure you did.
You were behind
the tree
and you saw
her running
by.
I didn't see that lady running.
- Why you hitting me?
- You're lying to me,
Antonio.
- I ain't lying, sir.
- Good.
Now, tell me how you killed
that lady.
I ain't never seen her.
How am I supposed to say
I did something I didn't..
Listen good.
Please.
We ain't leaving
here
until you tell me
how you murdered that woman.
I didn't kill nobody.
'Ain't nobody can help you.'
'Cause you tell anybody about
this, I'm gonna bring your
moms
down here and have
a talk with her.
Understand?
And I know she
ain't strong like you.
Even if you are a punk.
Knew how to do it.
So I got the wind
knocked out of me
over and over.
How long were you there?
Till I say
what he wanted me to say.
Then, he'd take me
to the station
so I could say
it
to the video.
We're gonna be back.
Look at me.
At first,
I just talk.
I mean, I'm a good talker.
I'll talk you
into a statue.
Ooh, we got Dr.
Phil
over here.
Start with the C material.
You put the needle in here
and you're
dead in eight minutes.
It works on
the real dumb ones.
And what's your
B material?
Oh, bonding.
You know, you got
a sick kid? Me too.
I feel your pain.
I save that line
for the ladies.
When all else fails,
we go for a drive.
- Mm-hmm.
- Down to the old shipyards.
We ain't got
no shipyards
here.
But we got a lot
of old buildings.
I take a mug down there,
just the two of us.
'He's squawking in the back
seat
about a lawyer.'
I don't say a word.
'We get down
to the shipyards'
I pull a trash bag
full of oranges
and I hit him hard
in the stomach.
[chuckles]
That's good.
Don't even leave bruises.
- Oh. Oh, so these buildings?
- Hmm.
Big, empty, quiet.
Is that where you took Antonio?
Come on.
I saw that tape.
I know what the fear
of God looks like.
20 minutes
with that
kid.
Oh! That's all?
It's almost too
easy,
like I said.
'That kid was gonna be
in the system soon enough.'
I...just helped him along.
That let you sleep
at night, Martin?
What's going on?
You're screwed.
Your badge don't mean
nothing here.
The lieutenant's right there.
You played a fellow cop!
You coerced that kid.
You crossed
to the other side, Martin.
He was there at the scene
right after the murder.
So you thought he was guilty
when you tuned him up.
Oh, when Ramon told you
he saw the Kennedy's do it--
Ramon is a two-bit hustler.
You knew you were wrong,
but it was too late.
'But you had
to protect your case'
because you were heading
for sergeant?
We got phone and E-ZPass
records
for that night.
Greg called you,
left you a voicemail.
It was
about
the trial.
An hour later
you were on the turnpike
heading for Philly.
That kid Antonio
was going nowhere.
Hey, that kid
was poor and slow.
Now he's destroyed.
You're gonna turn
hermano?
You ain't my kind.
And you ain't my brother.
Talk about Philadelphia.
Finding Greg.
He's..
He said we arrested
the wrong guy.
Come to
Philly,
help me find
the witness
who saw
everything.
Greg.
You got my message.
Yeah.
But you already
knew
about Ramon.
He's not a credible witness.
'No?'
Then why'd you drive him
out of town?
Greg, be reasonable.
An innocent
kid
is sitting in
jail.
This is amazing.
I give you the biggest case
of your career
and this is my thanks?
You gave me a mess.
This case is bogus.
You think those White kids
are gonna confess?
You put this case away.
'We can both win here.'
Now, while that kid loses?
He ain't got no future.
We can change that.
We'll set this right.
It's too late
for that.
Look, I got my phone.
Let's call the
judge
right now.
And screw our careers?
What's more
important,
his life or our
careers?
- It's cold-blooded, Martin.
- Think it through, Greg.
You're the great political
hope of New Haven.
People talking about you
being governor.
You gonna chuck that
for this dimwit?
Yeah. Yes, I am.
Not with me in tow.
No? What are you gonna do?
Take me to an empty building?
You're a disgrace, Martin.